Teacher: Mrs. Magee
Class: Lit & Lang
Date Generated: 9/14/2024
Generated using EthDocs
Price of Stock/s & Bitcoin updates every `1` Minute 
V1.0

Archived Document




Start of everything ▼



/#1 If  I was told books were becoming illegal, I would first gather up all my books and put it into a lock box or a safe . Most people would save them because they want to read, but I would choose it for a different reason, the book’s value would only increase after taking away a lot of the book's circulation. If you saved that book, the value on that book would only go higher and higher because the supply would be less than the demand, meaning that the book’s value would go higher. Due to the illgealty of book’s there would be a significant boost in Black Market traffic, thus brining more demand for the books. The whole black market community will see a singificant boost in popularity leading to more illegal products used across the country. With the options at hand, you can choose to do illegeal things and help support black markets, or you can choose to stay low and not care.


/#2 I do not like censorship, I deal with censorship on a daily bais.  Every time I go to school, I am constantly thinking about computer restrictions & website blocking. There are many ways that I have avoided censorship in the past, I have bypassed censorship by using a virtual machine & other different ways. I do not believe censorship is a good route for schools because people have to deal with distractions in there everyday life, and it is not preparing us for the workforce. There are many distractions that can lead you to not get work efficiently & not achieve your goals, but we have to work to try to make it happen on time.


/#3  – I USED GOOGLE FOR THIS - I didn't know what benefits whatever so I googled I spent time thinking and analysing before I  googled. self admittance is key!!!


Television projected on walls has many benefits and disadvantages. First, It gives you a better understanding of the program that you are watching, helping you understand the program that you are watching. Some disadvantages are that it is everywhere meaning it is hard to escape & you are constantly watching the media. This can be very frustrating if you are trying to sleep and a tv show comes on and interrupts you from sleeping.




/#4 - What is you definition of happy. 

Personally, I struggle with defining happiness. There are many different emotions that you can use urself to describe the emotion. Happiness is something that everyone says the “happy” but they aren't feeling that way. For example, if I was going to church and my pastor was asking how my day went, I would respond good even though it was not so great. I think that out of all the words to describe yourself happiness is a very basic answer and is not very specific.


/#5 - why most people go along with magorty
– hard question to answer requires a lot of outside information. 

Most people will follow the majority in most situations due to instinct. Going with the majority will prevent me from facing backlash from a bigger side. An argument's smaller side has fewer people, meaning it is normally weaker. People instinctually pick the strong side in many situations.




This answer is pretty terrible 




/#6 in 100 years advanatanges & disadvantages 


In 100 years, I imagine that it would be better from a heath standpoint. I also believe that in the medical field, meaning that it would be a lot safer to be alive. On the other hand, I think that most people will be so addicted to technology meaning, there will be very few physical locations. I prefer physical locations compared to a website because a website is harder to navigate than a store and it is difficult to receive live support and other features. All in all, I believe that there will be many changes in the next 100 years.


/#7
One of the most meaningful books that I read was the “The Hunger Games”. I really liked this book because it a very interesting because it was very different from all the other books that I read. The book had themes of violence and it was very interesting what decisions Katniss made in the books.


– I know I said I do all my work on Sunday sorry to break that trend   
-Sorry for not following directions
- a lot is 2 words i always forget that
